Welcome to the project!

The project currently consists of the simplest possible starting foundation I could conceive of.

I am using the Unity engine to produce what is essentially a stripped down digital novel structure to start with.

There are many reasons for starting this experience like this, but the two to focus on now are my lack of any experience making a game and that I wanted you to experience and participate, to different extents, in the building of the project from it's very nascent foundations.

If you downloaded this game from Steam, you must have read the pitch. I will restate it here for completeness.

We are going to build a simulation universe that we can also interact with in various ways. I also want to interact with and "play" within the simulation as well as design and build it.

In fact, I conceptualize of this project as a lifelong commitment that is ever-expanding in increments to create an increasingly depth and complex simulation with more asnd more ways to interact with it.

Despite these grandiose plans, at the current moment we can only display text and you can only hit the spacebar to advance the text after the screen fills up.

---

Even with these limitations, we can begin to make decisions and declare facts to give more shape to the project. Let's recap the ones we already have.

Decision 1: Simulation Universe-We are building a simulation universe we can interact with in various ways.
Fact 1: Simulation Universe-This project is building a simulation universe that can also be interacted with in various ways.
Decision 2: Long-Term Increments-This project is long-term effort that should be expanded in small increments.
Decision 3: Simplest Start-We are starting the experience from the simplest conceivable, yet extensible starting point.

---

Now we should formalize a decision log and a fact log. Later these may morph into more complex areas, but for now we will just store these items in a simple log list. Once I have these, we can continue. Since I have to depart for a time, I would like to add a timest







